[Studios] Add Privacy (#520)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.3/studios/managing.mdx

This functionality is available to users with the **Maintain** role and above.

To add a new Studio, select the **Studios** tab in your workspace then select **Add Studio**.

### Compute and Data

   1. Customize the following fields:

>       - **Select compute environment**: Only AWS Batch is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Select compute environment**: Only AWS Batch (without Fargate enabled) is supported.
      - **Define resource labels**: Any [resource label](../labels/overview) already defined for the compute environment is added by default. Additional custom resource labels can be added or removed as needed.
```

        - **Studio name**
        - Optional: **Description**
     1. Optional: Select **Install Conda packages** to enter or upload a list of Conda packages to include with the Studio. For more information on the syntax for specifying Conda packages, see [Conda package syntax][conda-syntax].

>      1. **Collaboration**: By default, all Studios are collaborative. This means all workspace users with the launch role and above can connect to the session. You can toggle **Private** on which means that only the workspace user who created the Studio can start and connect to it. When **Private** is on, workspace administrators can still start, stop, and delete sessions but cannot connect to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     1. **Collaboration**: By default, all Studios are collaborative. This means all workspace users with the launch role and above can connect to the session. You can toggle **Private** on which means that only the workspace user who created the Studio can connect to it. When **Private** is on, workspace administrators can still start, stop, and delete sessions but cannot connect to them.
```

        - Optional: **Description**
     1. Select **Next**.

### Summary

   1. Ensure that the specified configuration is correct.

>    1. Save your configuration:
>       - If you want to save the Studio for future use, select **Add only**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Save your configuration:
      - To not immediately start the session, select **Add only**.
```
